__NOTITLE____NOTOC__

<div class="center" style="width: auto; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

![<File:CharGen.jpg>](CharGen.jpg "File:CharGen.jpg")

</div>

Welcome the Character Generation pages for Tal'Vorn. Here you will be
able to make a series of straightforward choices that will lead to you
being presented with your initial Skill Tables.

Once there we ask that you make a note of the character build you have
selected and send it to the indicated e-mail address along with the rest
of the information from the Character Generation Form.

Once you have created a character with us, we will assign you with a
unique Player ID and Character ID. Your Player and Character ID's will
remain unique to you for life, even if you never manage to attend an
event with us\!

If you wish to book for an event after your first one, please include
the Character ID you wish to play with or drop us an E-mail to let us
know. Please be aware that once you have started to play with one of
your characters, you will not be able to change character until the
original has either died or been permanently retired.

Use the below, simplified information to choose your character build,
copy-paste the information and then send it to *talvornlive@gmail.com*.

## **Step One; Race**

The very first step, and in many ways the most important, is to select
your Race. Your Race determines many aspects of your Character, as well
as providing you with some starting skills and abilities.

**[Angel](Angel "wikilink")** - *Immune to Knockdown, WILL 1*

  -

      -
        Golden Winged - [The Nobles](GoldAngel "wikilink") - *WILL 2*
        Blue Winged - [The Artists](BlueAngel "wikilink") - *+1 Free
        Crafting Slot*
        Grey Winged - [The Diplomats](GreyAngel "wikilink") - *+1 Dodge
        and +1/Peace/Combat*
        White Winged - [The Builders](WhiteAngel "wikilink") - *INT 1*
        Black Winged - [The Warriors](BlackAngel "wikilink") - *STR 1*

**[Anvar](Anvar "wikilink")** - *STR 1, RESI 1*

  -

      -
        Leather - [The Light](LightAnvar "wikilink") - *1 Armour, AGI 1*
        Copper, Bronze or Silver - [The Medium](MediumAnvar "wikilink")
        - *2 Armour, +1 Dodge*
        Gold or Iron - [The Heavy](HeavyAnvar "wikilink") - *3 Armour,
        RESI 2, Max AGI is 3.*
        Steel or Platinum - [The Superheavy](SupHeavyAnvar "wikilink") -
        *4 Armour, STR 2, RESI 2, Max AGI is 2.*

**[Conflaris](Conflaris "wikilink")** - *Runeworking, RESI 1*

  -

      -
        Basalt - [The Unbreakable](BasaltConflaris "wikilink") - *+1
        Hit*
        Diorite - [The Mighty](DioriteConflaris "wikilink") - *STR 1*
        Granite - [The Immovable](GraniteConflaris "wikilink") - *Immune
        to Knockback*
        Marble - [The Defender](MarbleConflaris "wikilink") - *Shield
        Use*
        Obsidian - [The Surgeons](ObsidianConflaris "wikilink") -
        *Surgery 1*
        Serpentine - [The Wrathful](SerpentineConflaris "wikilink") -
        *WILL 1*

**[DragonLord](DragonLord "wikilink")** - *WILL 1, RESI 1*

  -

      -
        Black - [The Strongest](BlackDlord "wikilink") - *STR 1*
        Green - [The Unkillable](GreenDlord "wikilink") - *RESI 2*
        Night - [The Mad](NightDlord "wikilink") - *+1 Double and
        +4/Resists/Combat vs Dark*
        White - [The Peaceful](WhiteDlord "wikilink") - *+1 Peace/combat
        and +2/Resists/Combat vs Ice/Water*
        Grey - [The Stubborn](GreyDlord "wikilink") - *WILL 2*
        Red - [The Swiftest](RedDlord "wikilink") - *AGI 1*
        Gold - [The Wisest](GoldDlord "wikilink") - *INT 1*
        Silver - [The Skyborn](SilverDlord "wikilink") - *+1 Through and
        +2/Resists/Combat vs Air/Dark*
        Blue - [The Oceanborn](BlueDlord "wikilink") - *+1 Dodge and
        +2/Resists/Combat vs Water/Air*
        Copper - [The Volcanoborn](CopperDlord "wikilink") - *+1 Hit and
        +2/Resists/Combat vs Fire/Water*
        Bronze - [The Earthborn](BronzeDlord "wikilink") - *Immunity to
        Bone Magic*
        Stone - [The Toughest](StoneDlord "wikilink") - *+1 Hit and +1
        Armour*

**[Fae](Fae "wikilink")** - *Immune to Knockdown, WILL 1*

  -

      -
        Sorrow - [The Uncompromising](SorrowFae "wikilink") - *RESI 1*
        Mercy - [The Pragmatic](MercyFae "wikilink") - *STR 1*
        Healing - [The Hopeful](HealingFae "wikilink") - *Healing Touch
        3/day (Restore a single hit with a touch)*

**[Human](Human "wikilink")** - *INT 1 and Rank 1 in any other
Characteristic*

  -

      -
        Human - [The Invaders](Human "wikilink")

**[Merfolk](Merfolk "wikilink")** - WILL 1, STR 1''

  -

      -
        Epipel - [The Mirthful](EpipelMerfolk "wikilink") - *AGI 1*
        Oceanic - [The Wanderers](OceanicMerfolk "wikilink") - *First
        Aid 1*
        Mesopel - [The Hidden](MesopelMerfolk "wikilink") - *Hide 1*
        Bathyal - [The Strange](BathyalMerfolk "wikilink") - *INT 1*
        Abyssal - [The Unseen](AbyssalMerfolk "wikilink") - *+1 Hit and
        RESI 1*

**[Soulless-Born](Soulless-Born "wikilink")** - *STR 1, WILL 1, Fear
Gaze 3/day (Call Fear)*

  -

      -
        Soulless-Born - [The Doomed](Soulless-Born "wikilink")

## **Step Two; Class and Sect**

The next step is help find the correct Sect for you. The Sects are
broadly divided into OC 'Classes'. A 'Class' covers your basic job in a
fight or an encounter.

**[Fighter Class](Fighter "wikilink")** - *Heavy Armour Use and +5
Mani/Power*

  -

      -
        Experts in close, melee combat, the members of the Fighter Class
        have very high hit points and high armour, though their magic
        returns very slowly. One member of this Class, the Warrior, has
        no magical capabilities at all, benefiting from extreme physical
        training instead.
          -
            **Each of the Sects below is a member of the Fighter Class.
            If you choose to be a member of this Class then select one
            of them.**
            **[Earth Sect](Earth_Sect "wikilink")**
              -
                The Earth Sect brings indiscriminate ruin to *all* who
                dare to step within range of their spells. Their spells
                shake the ground with every step, summon spires of stone
                to strike their foes, encase their own flesh in
                protective layers of rock, draw upon the strength of the
                earth itself and reinforce the metal of their weapons.
            **[Guardian Sect](Guardian_Sect "wikilink")**
              -
                Broadly speaking, a well trained and prepared Guardian
                edges towards the unkillable. First and foremost this
                Sect are defensive spell casters and teachers of younger
                students. They patrol the streets in support of the
                Order Sect, though there is a long standing rivalry
                between the two, and are capable melee combatants. Their
                spells vary somewhat but follow a typical theme; a
                Guardian can shrug off the spells of their enemies,
                destroy weapons and armour with a touch, encase
                themselves in powerful armour and can learn a limited
                range of spells belonging to other Sects.
            **[The Order Sect](The_Order_Sect "wikilink")**
              -
                The Order are trained to be both police and jury on the
                streets of the cities they serve. With spells capable of
                causing great pain, stripping a foe of their magical
                defences, sapping their will to fight and keep their
                allies in the riot line intact, the Order Caster is
                flexible and dangerous. They possess little in the way
                of direct damage but their spells can cause confusion
                and chaos like little else.
            **[Warrior Sect](Warrior_Sect "wikilink")**
              -
                The dominating force in a close, lethal melee, a Warrior
                is incapable of casting magic like the other Sects but
                makes up for it with brutally impressive physical
                abilities. Able to stay alive through sheer force of
                will, deal massive damage with their blows, inspire
                their allies and rattle the senses of their enemies, the
                professional soldiers of the Warrior Sect are a force to
                be reckoned with.

**[Restorist Class](Restorist "wikilink")** - *Medium Armour Use and +10
Mani*

  -

      -
        Trained in defensive combat, including wearing moderately heavy
        armour and shield use. They possess spells that can buff, heal
        and protect their allies as well as benefiting from relatively
        high hit points and a lot of skills allowing them to negate or
        avoid damage.
          -
            **Each of the Sects below is a member of the Restorist
            Class. If you choose to be a member of this Class then
            select one of them.**
            **[Healer Sect](Healer_Sect "wikilink")**
              -
                Pain is an anthama to the Healer Sect, but if need be
                they will bring it down upon their enemies. Unique
                amongst all the Sects in that none of their selection of
                spells is capable of dealing direct damage, the Healers
                can bring pain, poison and disease instead, though they
                are loath to do so. Instead the Sect prefers to
                strengthen their allies and bring soothing relief,
                restoration of damage and purge life and limb of the
                horrors that combat can inflict upon them.
            **[Life Sect](Life_Sect "wikilink")**
              -
                Highly skilled and trained with forest and other rural
                terrain, the Life Sect specialises in strengthening
                their allies, recovering their health over time or
                bringing the varied wrath of nature down upon their
                foes. The natural world despises Demons, the Woken Dead
                and other such abominations and the Life Sect is
                unrivalled in their destruction. A skilled Life Caster
                is constantly prepared, calling upon the roots and might
                of nature to hold their foe in place whilst striking
                with longspear or bow from beyond reach and fading back
                into the forest.
            **[Water Sect](Water_Sect "wikilink")**
              -
                More eager to enter the closeness of melee than the
                other Sects of the Restorist Class, Casters of Water
                Magic can rely upon the ebb and flow of their namesake
                to protect them from the blows of their enemies. Should
                the wrath of a Water Caster grow high, then they can
                unleash torrents of water to knock foes aside, turn the
                ground to a quagmire in a heartbeat or even turn the air
                in a warriors lungs to water, drowning them in their own
                armour. Skilled in the use of both pole-weapons,
                especially tridents, and heavier armour, the Water Sect
                make for talented secondary melee fighters, able to hold
                and disrupt lines in equal measure.

**[Rogue Class](Rogue "wikilink")** - *Light Armour Use and +15
Mani/Power*

  -

      -
        Rogues are trained in agile combat, high damage and cunning.
        However they tend towards the low end of hit points and armour,
        though their spells can be very flexible. Most of their buffs
        benefit only themselves however.
          -
            **Each of the Sects below is a member of the Rogue Class. If
            you choose to be a member of this Class then select one of
            them.**
            **[Knaves Guild](Knaves "wikilink")**
              -
                Agility, speed, cunning and explosive violence, the life
                of a Knave is an unusual one compared to the Sects of
                the Magus Council. Less a military organisation and more
                of a loose collection of individuals with similar skill
                sets and useful abilities that the Council has suffered
                to be allowed to continue to exist, the Knaves Guild are
                by definition mercenary in outlook. Preferring archery
                or twin blades, a Knave is the epitome of roguish
                evasion and sudden damage, striking from cover and
                fading away unseen.
            **[Psychic Sect](Psychic_Sect "wikilink")**
              -
                The power of the mind to confuse, delude, kill and halt
                assailants is the purview of the Psychic Sect. Able to
                pluck the thoughts from their foes, no secret is safe
                from the Psykers and the strength of their will can stop
                any attacker in their tracks, unable to move even as the
                Casters allies slice the flesh from their bones. Working
                closely with The Order, the Psychic Sect are the
                foremost interrogators on the planet and capable of
                terrifying feats in combat. The specific form that
                Psychic Magic takes is strange and incompatible to most
                of the Races, leading to few being able to form the
                castings and spells of this Sect.
            **[Research Sect](Research_Sect "wikilink")**
              -
                Possessing undisputed dominance of technology, the
                Research Sect can render the ranged weapons of their
                enemies useless even whilst improving those of their
                allies, shatter magical defences, create magical and
                mundane equipment as well as unleash the power of
                magnetism to make the life of a heavily armoured
                opponent into something utterly hellish. Ultimately
                however it is in the broad range of crafting and
                creation of technological devices that the Research
                Sect's strength lies, though one should not
                underestimate the effects of a bullet to the face from
                one of their modified pistols.
            **[Universe Sect](Universe_Sect "wikilink")**
              -
                To the other Sects, the Casters of Universe magics are
                sometimes dismissed as daydreamers and stargazers,
                astronomers and fortune tellers of little worth in
                combat. Only someone who has not seen them in action
                could hold that opinion however. Masters of luck,
                gravity and able to glimpse fragments of possible
                futures, a Universe Caster can be a nightmare to face.
                Secrets are almost impossible to keep from them,
                ambushes fall upon barren ground and the very laws of
                reality bend and fold underfoot, making bringing them to
                honest combat difficult, if not impossible.

**[Arcanist Class](Arcanist "wikilink")** - *+20 Mani*

  -

      -
        Powerful, aggressive casters, with rapid recovery of magical
        abilities and devastating spells. They suffer from low hit
        points and very low armour, though in some cases this armour can
        be reinforced through magic.
          -
            **Each of the Sects below is a member of the Arcanist Class.
            If you choose to be a member of this Class then select one
            of them.**
            **[Air Sect](Air_Sect "wikilink")**
              -
                A singular, pinpoint strike epitomises the Air Sect and
                whilst their damage might not be the highest any Sect is
                capable, their range is beyond compare. If you are
                within the line of sight of an Air Caster, then you are
                within striking distance. Crackling thunderbolts, gusts
                of howling wind, torrential floods of rain, concealing
                mist and, should you truly wish to make a brutal point,
                an immensely damaging lightning strike out of a clear,
                cloudless blue sky. Singular targets are the Air Sect's
                victim of choice and though they possess some area of
                effect spells, these are more limited in scope and less
                focused in usage.
            **[Fire Sect](Fire_Sect "wikilink")**
              -
                The aftermath of an angry Fire Secter is obvious; a
                landscape of scorched and charred bodies and buildings.
                Though reasonably short ranged, almost all of the Fire
                Sect's spells are explosive in nature and horrifying in
                effect. Few foes can stand in the face of being set
                alight and many will flee instead of face taking more
                damage. Favouring heavy axes for when the brutality of
                melee calls for it, many Fire Secters enter combat with
                laugh on their lips, raining destruction
                indiscriminately around them, much to their allies
                dismay. Despite this, because the Casters also work hard
                in urban environments to protect buildings from
                non-magical flames, the Sect remains unfailingly popular
                with the Mundanes.
            **[Ice Sect](Ice_Sect "wikilink")**
              -
                Layering their flesh with armour of ice, and freezing
                their foes to the very marrow, the Casters of the Ice
                Sect are incredibly, horrifyingly dangerous at
                point-blank range. Their spells tend to lose potency
                over distance as the slowly melting ice loses its razor
                sharpness but in close they are second to none at
                absolute death. Experts in the use of ablative layers of
                magic for short term protection, this skill allows them
                to get in close where the Ice Sect reaps the lives of
                their foes like the scythes its Casters favour. Frozen
                limbs and weaponry shatter like glass in their wake and
                corpses pierced with icicles litter the ground behind
                them.

## **Step Four; Birthplace**

Naturally everyone has a place they were born, and this step has an
effect upon your background and some of the abilities you pick up to
begin the game.

**[Collegarium](Collegarium "wikilink")** – *+5 Mani and High Tongue*

  -

      -
        The seat of education for all the Casting Sects

**[Dawn Islands](Dawn_Islands "wikilink")** – *+8 Organic Materials per
Event and Pravus*

  -

      -
        A metaphorical breadbasket for the cities of Tal’Vorn, the Dawn
        Islands have recently come under attack from Pravaii raiders

**[Dragon Isle](Dragon_Isle "wikilink")** – *Blesséd by Shaltar and
Draconic*

  -

      -
        Birthplace of the Shaltarian Faith and home of the Dragon God’s
        Temple

**[Drazzahezz](Drazzahezz "wikilink")** – *+1 Crafting Slot and
Conflarian*

  -

      -
        Underground city and sprawling mine works of the Conflaris

**[Ehovia](Ehovia "wikilink")** – *+1 Hit*

  -

      -
        This Angel City is home to the White Wings, designed for
        function over form

**[Elis](Elis "wikilink")** – *+1 Double per Combat*

  -

      -
        Angelic City of War, Elis is home to the Black Wings, the Arena
        and to the College of War, the foremost military training
        academy

**[Faber](Faber "wikilink")** – *+1 Crafting Slot*

  -

      -
        Home of the Blue Wings, Faber is renowned as a place of
        exquisite craftsmanship and talented craftsmen

**[Grath](Grath "wikilink")** – *+3 Organic, +3 Inorganic and +3
Technological Components per Event*

  -

      -
        Smog-choked and industrial, the port city of Grath is the
        primary home of the Research and Ice Sects

**[Haltimeran](Haltimeran "wikilink")** – *Blesséd by Hydros and
Mermish*

  -

      -
        A great dome keeps the ocean surrounding this coral carved
        underwater city at bay and providing dry land and clean air for
        all

**[Karamaterra](Karamaterra "wikilink")** – *Blesséd by Terra and High
Tongue*

  -

      -
        A baking hot city of step pyramids, dominated by the Earth Sect
        and surrounded by lush jungle

**[Land of Dusk](Land_of_Dusk "wikilink")** – *+8 Inorganic Materials
per Event and Pravus*

  -

      -
        Shadowed for most of the day by the colossal Angel Peaks to the
        west, the Land of Dusk is barren but one of the only sources of
        precious iron

**[Magus Council](Magus_Council "wikilink")** – *Free Superior Weapon
you are trained in per Event and High Tongue*

  -

      -
        Home of the Magus Council itself, this mighty fortress is far
        and away the single most formidable stronghold on the planet

**[Regalis](Regalis "wikilink")** – *Blesséd by Aeros*

  -

      -
        Carved of gleaming purple marble, Regalis is home of the Gold
        Winged Angels and the seat of their faith and government

**[Shadow Isles](Shadow_Isles "wikilink")** – *+1 Hit and Demonic*

  -

      -
        Under the threat of constant Demon attack from the nearby Isle
        of the Dead, this archipelago still somehow maintains a strong
        population of farmers, Casters and miners

**[Tal](Tal "wikilink")** – *Blessed by Javersith and High Tongue*

  -

      -
        Like a sword from a corpse, the great spire that Tal is built
        atop rises from Vorn City. Home of the rich and the powerful and
        seat of the LifeMayor of Tal

**[Trath](Trath "wikilink")** – *+8 Organic Materials per Event and
Mermish*

  -

      -
        Primary city of the Arrowhead Isles, this city is a peaceful
        dichotomy of fisherman and the wealthy.

**[Vorn](Vorn "wikilink")** – *+1 Dodge and +1 Hit*

  -

      -
        A steel dome in a glass desert, mighty, multi-levelled Vorn is
        home to a billion people and rife with crime and suffering

**[Zatay](Zatay "wikilink")** – *+4 Organic Materials and +4 Inorganic
Materials per Event*

  -

      -
        The Angelic city of diplomacy and home to Grey Wings

## **Step Five; Deity**

The Gods are real. This is not a subject open to debate as members of
the Divine Pantheons of either Shaltar or Timus have, on more than one
occasion, appeared in the streets of major cities. They are unlikely to
appear in person in the minor locale of Haven, but their might will be
felt strongly.

You are not forced to worship a deity, though the Divine looks dimly
upon those who deny their manifest might too openly. Select wisely, as
your chosen God or Goddess may well have expectations of you behind
simple lip service.

**[Aeros the Valorous](Aeros_the_Valorous "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        God of Air, Flight and Valour

**[Asgar the Strong](Asgar_the_Strong "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        God of Fire, Wrestling and Volcanoes

**[Grathis the Wise](Grathis_the_Wise "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        God of Magic, Knowledge and Mutation

**[Hevar the Nightbringer](Hevar_the_Nightbringer "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        God of the Night, Justice and Law

**[Hydros the Laughing](Hydros_the_Laughing "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        God of Cold, Laughter and Water

**[Illaria the Drowned](Illaria_the_Drowned "wikilink")** - *Openly
worshipping this Deity will be looked on dimly by your fellow Sect
members.*

  -

      -
        Goddess of Drowning, Evil and the Woken Dead

**[Javersith the Sorrowful](Javersith_the_Sorrowful "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        Goddess of Mercy, Healing and Sorrow

**[Killar the Bloody](Killar_the_Bloody "wikilink")** - *Openly
worshipping this Deity will be looked on dimly by your fellow Sect
members.*

  -

      -
        God of Blood, Chaos and Murder

**[Lilar the Vengeful](Lilar_the_Vengeful "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        Goddess of Technology, Vengeance and Wrath

**[Nares the Huntress](Nares_the_Huntress "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        Goddess of Bloodlust, the Hunt and Madness

**[Terra the Smith](Terra_the_Smith "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        God of Stone, the Forge and Runes

**[The Dark God](The_Dark_God "wikilink")** - *Openly worshipping this
Deity is illegal. If you are discovered to worship the Liar then you
will be punished severely.*

  -

      -
        God of Bed-Death, Plague and Lies

**[The Lady](The_Lady "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        Goddess of Balance, Absolution and Neutrality

**[Timus the Visionary](Timus_the_Visionary "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        God of Fate, the Mind and Time

**[Shaltar the AllFather](Shaltar_the_AllFather "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        God of Dragons, Glory and War

**[Solar the Blinding](Solar_the_Blinding "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        God of the Sun, Stars and the Universe

**[Vriclar the AllMother](Vriclar_the_AllMother "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        Goddess of Beauty, Immortality and Life

**[Zarner the Patient](Zarner_the_Patient "wikilink")**

  -

      -
        God of the Afterlife, the Dead and Rebirth

## **Step Five; Education**

You represent an investment by others, your education an expenditure and
task taken on willingly by others.

Your education is important, and can provide multiple advantages and
languages for you to utilise in your missions and adventures.

**[Collegarium](Collegarium_Education "wikilink")** - *+5 Mani and +3
Languages of your choice*

  -

      -
        The height of prestige and higher learning

**[Military](Military_Education "wikilink")** - *+1 Hit, +1 Double and
+1 Language of your choice*

  -

      -
        Training with the armies of either a Noble House or a high
        ranking Caster

**[Mentor](Mentored_Education "wikilink")** - *You gain a Mentor and +1
Language of your choice*

  -

      -
        Personally trained and educated by a higher ranking individual

**[Public](Public_Education "wikilink")** - *+1 Dodge and +2 Languages
of your choice*

  -

      -
        Educated en masse with your peers

**[Tribal](Tribal_Education "wikilink")** - *+1 Hit, +1 Deathclock,
Forage 1 and +1 Language of your choice*

  -

      -
        Raised with the traditions and beliefs of an extended family
        unit

## **Step Six; Title and Choices**

**Title**

  -

      -
        Below is a list of every title currently ***unavailable*** to
        select as a new character along with the Sect they are
        associated with. This is because every single title is unique
        and thus once selected is unavailable. However, please also use
        this list as a source of inspiration for your own character\!
        Please take note of the format used for titles as well.

<!-- end list -->

  - AngelsChild - Air
  - BlackWing - Air
  - BloodHand - Warrior
  - ChaosBreaker - Order
  - ColdHeart - Ice
  - CrystalMist - Water
  - DeftSpark - Research
  - EarthSaviour - Earth
  - FatesBane - Universe
  - FellFlame - Fire
  - FellHand - Warrior
  - FrostFormer - Ice
  - GateWarder - Guardian
  - GunCrafter - Research
  - InfernosHeart - Fire
  - LawWalker - Order
  - LightBringer - Guardian
  - MindStealer - Psychic
  - MoonSearcher - Universe
  - MountainCrumbler - Earth
  - SearingPalm - Fire
  - SilverSword - Order
  - SleetCaller - Ice
  - SoulHealer - Healer
  - SteelWalker - Research
  - StormBreaker - Air
  - SunBane - Universe
  - ThoughtBreaker - Psychic
  - TreeCaller - Life
  - TrueCure - Healer
  - TsunamiRider - Water
  - LaughingShadow - Knave
  - VenomBreaker - Healer
  - WyvernTamer - Life

**Languages** Below is a list of the Languages available to play. Please
select additional Languages according the educational choice you made
from the list below;

  - Angelic
  - Anvar
  - Bisch
  - Common
  - Conflarian
  - Demonic
  - Draconic
  - High Tongue
  - Outer Reaches
  - Mermish
  - Pravus

**[I have chosen, take me to the final
stage.](FinalCharGen "wikilink")**