

<div class="center" style="width: auto; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

![<File:Guardian.jpg>](Guardian.jpg "File:Guardian.jpg")

</div>

![GuardianSymbol.jpg](GuardianSymbol.jpg "GuardianSymbol.jpg")

The Air Sect was formed long before the arrival of humanity upon
Tal'Vorn. Rumoured to have been gifted to the [Angels](Angel "wikilink")
by Aeros the Sky Lord Himself, the magic focuses primarily upon
pin-point strikes of devastating power at long range against single
targets. As the Gods of Tal'Vorn were once exceedingly active, and even
today have been known to make personal appearances, the concept that Air
Magic could have been personally gifted to the
[Legions](Angel "wikilink") is not actually that far fetched. The God of
Valour has not been personally active upon the world in several
centuries however and so His creations have evolved and modified the
magic to their own purposes in the years since.

The Sect is naturally capable of calling down devastating hurricanes,
lightning storms and blasts of wind, but such things are considered
pointless displays of might that are beneath the majesty of the Air
Sect. A single strike of overwhelming force and precision is considered
the most acceptable usage of the Storm. An Air Caster can call upon
active weather fronts or simply create their own lightning from scratch,
though the former is considerably more powerful. Because of this the Air
Sect has developed several spells designed to create storm-clouds in
order to increase the damage of their spells in otherwise calm
conditions, though doing so is considered a sign of weakness and
desperation.

Many of the Air Sect are also assigned to military vessels in both the
ocean going and airship fleets, ensuring good weather and fair winds in
the name of safety. Though doing this when commanded by their Sects is
one thing, some Air Casters make a good living doing the same job for
merchant vessels. Such mercenary activities are considered thoroughly
beneath the majority of the Sect however. Though it is officially
frowned upon, the Air Sect have been known to accept contracts for
nothing more or less than actual assassinations, especially by Casters
of the lower Ranks. Though Casters are well paid compared to Mundanes,
assassination generally pays a ridiculous sum of money, especially when
its required to be as obvious as an Air Sect strike. Little is as
effective at making a statement as a political opponent being struck
down by a lightning bolt from a clear blue sky.

## **Representative Within Haven**

James GateWarder, Sorcerer Second Class

## **Opinion of Other Sects**

**Air** - "Arrogance does not replace skill, no matter how much the
[Windbags](Air_Sect "wikilink") may wish it to. A solid defence 
and eye to the sky will see you through."

**Dark** - "Defend any and all Casters in area, shatter the defences
of the [Vile](Dark_Sect "wikilink") and help bring them to their
knees. No mercy for the monstrous."

**Earth** - "Though they are our closest allies, we should keep a 
distance in combat if only for the sake of safety! Their spells are
unrelentingly non-specific in their area of influence."

**Fire** - "A strong enough application of [Fire Magic](Fire_Sect "wikilink") can pierce even
out defences, so do your best to weather the storm and press in close
quickly should they decide to assail you."

**Healer** - "Even the best defence can benefit from repair and the
[Benevolent](Healer_Sect "wikilink") are second to none at this. Shield
them from all comers and they will keep you in the fight forever."

**Ice** - "Precise damage at a close range is an ideal combination
with our skills at close defence, even if it comes attached to
a package which can occasionally be a little less than reliable.
Still, to give the [Glacial](Ice_Sect "wikilink") their due, they
seem to be doing their best to follow our alliance."

**Knave** - "The [Knaves Guild](Knaves_Guild "wikilink") was creatred by an incentive pushed
through by a Lord Guardian and thus their actions probably fall under
our responsibility. Delightful."

**Life** - "The Earth Sect holds the [Rangers](Life_Sect "wikilink") in
high regard but we come from different plces in the world. Only where the 
urban and the rural overlap would we come into contact, but they seem nice
enough, if a little eccentric."

**Psychic** - "As with any group capable of literally reading your mind,
be wary and guard your thoughts around them. Their close links to our
allies in the Order is still no reason to trust the
[Mindbuzzers](Psychic_Sect "wikilink"). They are loyal for now, but
their close connection with the weird magic of Time makes them
unpredictable."

**Research** - "Explosive obsessed, consequence-blind and driven by
progress for the sake of it, the Research Sect are a waste of both time
and resources. Some might say that their guns and technology pack a
fearsome blow, but frankly our own spells are more accurate and just as
lethal as anything the [Tinkerers](Research_Sect "wikilink") can come up
with."

**The Order** - "Our staunchest allies, the
[Lawmakers](The_Order_Sect "wikilink") are honourable and forward
thinking, unlike the hide-bound Guardians or the fawning Earth Sect.
Generally speaking we can trust The Order to assist us both on and off
the field, their crowd-control abilities meshing well with our own
pinpoint strikes."

**Universe** - "For idiot stargazers, the Universe Sect are actually
quite useful. The ability to manipulate the flow of luck, along with
their scrying abilities makes it difficult to evade their attentions.
And since the attention of the [Seers](Universe_Sect "wikilink") can
take the form of a comet to the face, it is not to be discounted."

**Warrior** - "Little more than a jumped up guild of mercenaries and
bodyguards, the Warrior Sect have started getting above their station in
recent years. The [Bold](Warrior_Sect "wikilink") might be trained and
honed to the edge of physical perfection, but that will not help them
when we put a thousand volts through them."

**Water** - "The Water Sect take far too much from their progenitors,
the Merfolk. Laid back, relaxed and often just lazy, the
[Divers](Water_Sect "wikilink") are frankly just a disgrace. They have
their uses near the coast but their power is nothing to write home
about. the ability to turn the ground into a bog is, after all, of
limited use when the winds can give us flight."

## **Sect Physrep**

**Colour**; **Primary Physrep.** - Yellow or gold, the colour of the
proverbial lightning bolt.

**Symbol** - The Lightning Bolt

**Tattoo** - The symbol of the Air Sect is placed upon the *Left
Shoulder Blade*

**Clothing** - Like most Arcanists, the Air Sect prefer to keep their
hands free in order to manage the more complex gestures required of
their aggressive spells and also to ensure that their closer range
attacks are not accidentally earthed into their own clothing. There is a
distinct similarity to more traditional Angelic clothing as well,
causing togas and stola to be common amongst members of the Sect,
regardless of their racial origin.

**Weapon Preferences** - Being formed from the magics used traditionally
by the [Angelic](Angel "wikilink") inhabitants of Tal'Vorn, the members
of the Air Sect are traditionally trained and drilled in the usage of
the long spear favoured by the Children of
[Aeros](Aeros_the_Valorous "wikilink"). It can be used both in practical
defence and also as a literal lightning rod, useful for drawing down the
few close range spells this Sect has access to.

**Roleplaying Effects** - Air Sect casters, especially Angels, are
taught that they are magically and morally superior to most of the other
Sects and are known to act it. They dislike getting involved in close
combat, preferring to hang back from the lines and make use of the full
range of their powerful spells. They get on well with members of the
Order, Fire and Universe spells, with distinct rivalries with the Ice,
Guardian, Warrior and especially Earth Sect. They enjoy displaying their
power and superiority and often dress to impress, using the bright
yellow of lightning throughout their clothing and accessories.

## **Titles**

Air Sect titles most often make reference to the more aggressive aspects
of their magic, focusing upon storms, lightning, thunder and so forth,
though some prefer less ominous methods of referring to themselves.

  -

      -
        Example Titles; AngelsChild, BlackWing, LightningCaller,
        NorthWind, StormBreaker

## **Nicknames**

  - Stormcallers
  - Navigators
  - Windbags (insult)
  - Assassins (insult)
  - Aeros' Marked
  - Yellowjacket (Vorn City Slang)

## **Patron Deity**

Being primarily composed of Angels and using a magic created by that
self-same Race, the Air Sect has a definite leaning towards the worship
of Aeros, the Sky Lord. The Stormcallers focus less upon Aeros' aspect
as the God of Valour and more upon His dominion over Flight and Air
itself, invoking His name when attempting complex rituals, embarking
upon dangerous sea voyages, before a potentially lethal mission or
simply as part of daily life.
