

<div class="center" style="width: auto; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

![<File:Ice.jpg>](Ice.jpg "File:Ice.jpg")

</div>

![IceSymbol.jpg](IceSymbol.jpg "IceSymbol.jpg")

BLAH BLAH BLAH

## **Representative Within Haven**

## **Opinion of Other Sects**

**Air** - "Powerful enough provided they are kept safe from the press of
close combat. If physically threatened they seem to crumble a little,
which is ironic given their superiority complex."

**Dark** - "The Illaria Purges were long before our time, but it is in
our best interests to align with the rest of the Sects in the destruction
of the [Damned](Dark_Sect "wikilink") at any possible opportunity. 
Fortunately that is something we are good at."

**Earth** - "Our mutual alliance with the [Guardians](Guardian_Sect "wikilink")
is currently our oldest standing long term agreement, so we should probably
do our best to make sure it endures. Reinforcing everyone's opinion
is probably not a great idea."

**Fire** - "Our opposite in almost everything; magic, popularity and 
personality, but they are useful enough in their own way. Just make
sure you keep your magical defences layered high in case they get
inaccurate with their spells."

**Guardian** - "Be wary which of
[Javersith's](Javersith_the_Sorrowful "wikilink") Children you ask for
aid, as some are gentle and caring and others are brutal and
uncompromising. Still, we owe this Race a great debt for their aid
during the Great Plague that caused the division of our Race. Help them,
protect them and keep them safe if you can, in repayment for this."

**Healer** - "Our relationship with the Humans is . . . complicated. We
exploited their apparent racial memory and fear of 'Angelic' beings
during the Great War to massive effect, something that we, even today,
are not proud of. They are powerful in their own way, being one of the
few Races capable of producing legitimately powerful Psykers, and they
seem to have an inherent knack for most magics. They will never be as
skilled at calling down the lightning as an Angelic Caster, but their
broad skill and flexibility is something to be respected."

**Knave** - "They are almost Human, but possessed of a nobility that few
others seem to be able to see. Melancholy follows all three of the
Soulless Breeds, but burns fiercest in the youngest, the Soulless-Born.
Lacking the insectile Myrmidons unmatched skill with magics and the
colossal Abaddons phenomenal strength, the 'Born' make up for it with
courage, determination and an implacable drive to honour their creator,
the Nightbringer [Hevar](Hevar_the_Nightbringer "wikilink")."

**Life**

**Psychic**

**Research**

**The Order**

**Universe**

**Warrior**

**Water**

![test2angel.jpg](test2angel.jpg "test2angel.jpg")

## **Sect Physrep**

**Colour**; **Primary Physrep.** - To play an Angel you -must- possess
Wings in one of these five shades. Small wings such as those purchased
from Ann ummers or as part of cheap Halloween Costumes are not a
suitable physrep. Angels are known by their large, feathered wings. The
colour varies between the five Breeds, with wing colour being indicative
of their abilities and place in Angelic society.
:The colours available are; [Gold](Gold_Winged_Angel "wikilink") "The
Nobles", [Blue](Blue_Winged_Angel "wikilink") "The Artists",
[Grey](Grey_Winged_Angel "wikilink") "The Diplomats",
[White](White_Winged_Angel "wikilink") "The Builders" and
[Black](Black_Winged_Angel "wikilink") "The Warriors".

**Symbol** - The skin of many Angels seems to be lit from above by a
halo of light in the same shade as their wings. This gives them a
strange, other worldly look.
:This can be achieved through the usage of appropriately coloured make
up along the forehead, nose, upper cheek bones, tops of the ears,
shoulders, collar bone and chin.

**Tattoo** - Angels of the various different Breeds have typical colours
of hair associated with their wing colour.

**Clothing** - Angels favour long, flowing robes, togas, stola and
tunics. The colour of their clothing often reflects that of their wings
and halos or sometimes highlights it with complementary or opposing
colours.

**Weapon Preferences** - Angels primarily favour two major different
kinds of equipment when they go to war. The majority of Angels,
including the Black Winged, favour long, stabbing spears, heavy, broad
shields and short blades for up-close work. This flexible array of
armament allows an Angel to defend themselves against the majority of
threats without needing excessive training. The minority of Angels,
especially those trained to fight in the Great Arena in the City of
[Elis](Elis,_Angel_City_of_War "wikilink"), favour more esoteric
weaponry; bucklers and longswords, tridents and punch-daggers, heavy
maces and hammers.

Naturally those trained in the College of War are often schooled in the
basics of nearly every weapon on the planet, with Warrior Sect Angels
often favouring their own unusual combinations. Indeed it has become
common in recent years for Angels to make use of their strength and
speed to wield massive two-handed swords and heavy pole-weapons in place
of their more traditional equipment.

## **Titles**

Angelic names are typically quite short, though there are exceptions,
and often feature an **'us**' or **'a**' final syllable. As Angels are
not really born so much as brought into existence, many of them
eventually choose their own name. For example:

  -

      -
        Male: *Atellus, Brutus, Canus, Hannibal, Justinus, Labeo,
        Malleolus*
        Female: *Annalis, Bassa, Crispina, Eleanor, Helva, Imperiosa,
        Lucia*

![test3angel.jpg](test3angel.jpg "test3angel.jpg")

## **Nicknames**

  - SkyBorn
  - Shining Ones
  - Pigeon (insult)
  - The Legions
  - 'Grey' Winged (and so forth for the relevant colour)
  - The Blinding
  - The Blessed
  - The Divided (insult)

## **Patron Deity**

The Angels are fiercely proud in their worship of Aeros, their Divine
Father. They do not kneel before Him, believing instead that they should
be strong and noble in their bearing. They bow their heads in respect,
touching fingertips to lips and heart at the start and end of their
prayers. Heartfelt words and prayers are offered up in place of physical
offerings as the Angels are well aware that the Sky Lord has no interest
in gifts.

These prayers are offered up when the Angel awakens, often as the very
first thing they do upon laying eyes on the blue of the sky, in honour
of their creator. Thunderstorms are also a time to honour Aeros, the
Angel's revelling in the display of their deities might.
