__NOTITLE____NOTOC__

<div class="center" style="width: auto; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

![<File:MerfolkTitle.jpg>](MerfolkTitle.jpg "File:MerfolkTitle.jpg")

</div>

![Faewarrior.jpg](Faewarrior.jpg "Faewarrior.jpg")

The Merfolk, the Free, are the Children of Hydros, the Laughing God, and
their very culture seems geared towards living up to their progenitors
title. Blessed with monstrous speed and agility, a gift from being
designed to live in a higher pressure environment than the surface, the
leg and back muscles of Merfolk are typically over-developed. All
combined this leads to the Liquids being easily the fastest Race on the
face of Tal'Vorn, an advantage that is taken flagrant advantage of by
the mocking and playful Longshanks. Of all the other major Races, only
the Red Blood of the [DragonLords](DragonLord "wikilink"), known as the
[Swiftest](Red_DragonLord "wikilink"), can come close to matching the
average Merfolk in a straight sprint. This speed has rendered the Race
almost unassailable, as even the feral Bisch or cruel Pravaii have long
since learned the pointlessness of trying to catch one of the Scales.

The Merfolk most commonly thought of when one pictures a member of the
Race are the nearly human-looking [Epipel
Merfolk](EpipelMerfolk "wikilink"), also referred to as the Mirthful due
to their close connection to Hydros' aspect of laughter and joy. Other
forms of Merfolk do exist, being more strange depending upon the
location they live within Tal'Vorn's vast oceans. The self-sufficient
[Wanderers](OceanicMerfolk "wikilink") live a more nomadic and predatory
life-style than their cousins, existing in roving hunter-gatherer pods
as they explore the vast open ocean. [The
Hidden](MesopelMerfolk "wikilink") dwell in the twilight zone of
Tal'Vorn's seas, preferring shallow coral caves, the shelter combining
with their silvery patterning to help them avoid the massive predatory
fish and reptiles common at this level and lower. Further down, deeper
into the dark dwell the fiercely carnivorous
[Strange](BathyalMerfolk "wikilink"), their large eyes and highly
efficient metabolic systems leading to the potential for even longer
life-spans than their shallower dwelling cousins. Some of them rely upon
bio-luminescence to find both each other and their prey, but most of
them rely upon other senses or Water Magic to seek food and shelter. The
lowest dwelling form of Merfolk, [Abyssal](AbyssalMerfolk "wikilink"),
are virtually unknown on the surface, their bodies reinforced against
the immense pressures of deep trench dwelling life. Reliant upon
artifical light, or limited bio-luminescence, [the
Unseen](AbyssalMerfolk "wikilink") live in small, close knit communities
carved from the sides of the abyssal trench, making their way up to the
higher levels to hunt, before returning, silent and unknown, to the
crushing depths.

Both the Priesthood of Hydros and the Water Sect primarily consist of
the various kinds of Merfolk, the Children of the Laughing God naturally
having an inclination towards the magic of their creator. The songs of
the faithful echo from the Temples to Hydros in most major communities,
especially those reliant upon the ocean or rivers for their livelihood.
If possible these Temples tend to built either adjoining to or actually
partially built into the water themselves. The Priesthood is
surprisingly popular, Mundanes and the working classes finding
entertainment in Hydros' lack of distinction in the victims of pranks
and mockery, as well appreciating the skills and boons gifted by the God
for His worshippers, especially farmers and sailors.

## **Opinion of Other Races**

**Angel** - "The issue with the Angels is that they are just too
hidebound, ya? If they could actually learn to relax then that would go
a long way towards improving our relationship with our neighbours, ya?
Still, some of them are all right, and the [Blue
Wings](Blue_Winged_Angel "wikilink") produce some really pretty pieces
of stuff, ya? Seem to prefer it if we go to [Elis](Elis "wikilink") to
do our trading rather than coming to us though, ya? Something about
being under three hundred feet of water makes the
[Legions](Angel "wikilink") nervous, ya?"

**Anvar** - "Something to be said for the amusement value of staying
just out of a [Sun Child's](Anvar "wikilink") reach whilst keeping up a
gentle stream of sarcasm, ya? Try as we may to explain, the Empty Ones
just don't seem to understand the sheer scale of the joke that is their
creation, existence, religious obsession and immense self-delusion, ya?
The [Blazing Star](Solar "wikilink") simply does not care about His
accidental Children or anything else for that matter, ya? This drive is
absolutely the most dangeorus thing about these armoured, brutally
strong powerhouses, somewhat ironically, ya? Mock them by all means,
'cause it is hilarious, but stay out of arms reach, ya?"

**Conflaris** - "We like the [Stonebones](Conflaris "wikilink") as they
are straightforward and no afraid to actually enjoy themselves on a
regular drunken basis, ya? Their weapon and armour craft is absolutely
superb but, like the Angels, most of what they produce is just not
suitable for swimming or running around in and a hammer has limited
usage underwater, ya? Still, they make good alcohol and a solid magical
rune can still be put onto a trident or a suit of water-proofed leather,
ya?"

**DragonLords** - "The [Blues](BlueDlord "wikilink") are worth our time
and the [Reds](RedDlord "wikilink") make for good competition in a
foot-race, but overall the [Blood of the Dragon](DragonLord "wikilink")
has a worrying lack of good humour, ya? The Berserkers are not above
expressing their irritation through more physical means, so make sure
you are in a position to move before embarking upon any risky
conversational topics, ya? Still, they've never warred against us and if
one of them gets really annoyed, then just remind them of the
[War](The_Great_War "wikilink") and they'll come over all apologetic and
hilariously grateful, ya?"

**Fae** - "Most of the time the [Gossamer](Fae "wikilink") make for good
enough sports as their placid nature and easy-going personalities
prevent them from getting unduly offended, ya? However be seriously
careful when it comes to the ones known as the [Sorrow
Fae](Sorrow_Fae "wikilink") however as they can get . . . vindictively
spiteful when it comes to revenge for even the most minor jokes, ya? A
terrible lack of good humour, ya? Still, the other two seem nice enough
most of the time and are pretty useful to have around when we inevitably
upset someone lucky enough to catch us, ya? Nothing like the soothing
healing skills of one of [The Final Smile's](Javersith "wikilink")
creations to really make you feel better at the end of a long scrap,
ya?"

**Human** - "We have never seen a Race so hated by the
[Honourable](DragonLord "wikilink") as the [Starborn](Human "wikilink")
are, ya? Frankly the [Great War](The_Great_War "wikilink") was a bit of
an over-reaction, ya? A dead tribe of DragonLords is a tragedy but a
twelve year war and more than seven million fatalities, let alone the
excessive injuries and maimings? We might not live as long as the
FirstBorn, but we can still hit a few millenia and some of us still
remember the horror of what the DragonLords dragged us into and
somethings just aren't funny, ya? Still, the Usurpers survived and seem
to have flourished, ya? The Magus Council is a damn powerful
organisation these days and even though we dominate both the [Water
Sect](Water_Sect "wikilink") and our own capital of
[Haltimeran](Haltimeran "wikilink"), they are pushing for more power
every day, ya? Yet, we can't help but quite like the
[Numerous](Humans "wikilink") despite all that, ya? They are clever and
adaptable, far more flexible than most of the Elder Races, ya? Worth a
touch of respect, as is their absolute skill at effortlessly pissing off
the [Uncontrolled](DragonLord "wikilink"), ya?"

**Soulless-Born** - "Gods above and below, the [The
Doomed](Soulless-Born "wikilink") can be so damnably boring and maudlin,
ya? Don't mistake us, those that embrace life can be the soul, heh, of
the party, albeit the somewhat creepy, fear-inducing soul of the party,
ya? But most of them are just so miserable and pessimistic, ya? Yes, we
get it, you had your soul carefully removed by
[Hevar](Hevar_the_Nightbringer "wikilink") so that you would be rendered
immune to the touch of those [Mist Devil](Mist_Devil "wikilink")
bastards and when you die you won't rejoin the Nightbringer in some sort
of paradise, ya? Oh no, what a shame. Gods and Goddess dammit, just
enjoy the long, healthy life you have been given in that case, ya? No
point in being miserable, you block eyed eejits, ya?"

![AnvarGold.jpg](AnvarGold.jpg "AnvarGold.jpg")

## **Physical Physrep**

All Physreps are optional except for the Primary Physrep unless
otherwise stated.

**Scales**; **Primary Physrep.** - The skin of Merfolk is actually
comprised of a fine layer of extremely small scales that, to the naked
eye, more often than not simply look like skin. These scales often come
in bright, varied patterns, though these are generally only on selected
portions of the Merfolks body.

  -
    These can be physrepped with make-up. You do not need to cover the
    entire skin with scales, simply highlight. Look at the fish common
    to the depth that your character was born for ideas about patterning
    and colours.

**Depth of Life**; **Required Choice.** - The ocean is the Merfolk's
cradle and their protector, but it also comes with its own set of
hazards and dangers. Generally these are based upon the depth that a
certain group of Merfolk is adapted to life at. There are limited
differences between the physicality of the different Merfolk, but
external cosmetic differences are obvious and certain traits or skills
are stronger dependent upon their bloodline.

  -
    The types of Merfolk available are as follows, in order of the depth
    at which they live and also from most to least common;
    [Epipel](EpipelMerfolk "wikilink") "The Mirthful",
    [Oceanic](OceanicMerfolk "wikilink") "The Wanderers",
    [Mesopel](MesopelMerfolk "wikilink") "The Hidden",
    [Bathyal](BathyalMerfolk "wikilink") "The Strange",
    [Abyssal](AbyssalMerfolk "wikilink") "The Unseen".

**Dreadfins** - The hair of the Oceanborn is actually a form of
flexible, fine filament, similar to a true fish fin. These most often
form into a dreadlock-like pattern and it this "hair"-style for which
the Race is best known.

  -
    These can be physrepped either through actual dreadlocks, or through
    wool or hair fake dreadfalls, especially in luminious or bright
    colours.

**Webbed Ears** - Many Merfolk possess webbed ears in order to maximise
their auditory acuity underwater.

  -
    These can be physrepped with appropriate latex prosthetics.

**Webbed Fingers** - To aid them with swimming, most Merfolk have fine
webbing between their fingers, though this is not present in all of
Hydros' Children, especially if they are from a less crushing depth.

  -
    These can be physrepped with latex or through 'webbed' skin tone
    gloves, also giving you the opportunity to run riot with the scale
    patterning on said gloves and give a good, consistent visual
    impression.

**Clothing** - Not being destroyed by extended water contact is
generally a Merfolk's primary concern when it comes to clothing, with
freedom of movement coming in second. Linen, good quality canvas,
wax-impregnated leather and other light fabrics are generally good for
this. Some Merfolk favour tight-fitting clothing to maximise their
ability to move freely, whilst others enjoy the billowing effect of
certain clothing cuts whilst underwater. Many from the lower depths also
favour hoods and smoked-glass lenses to protect their skin and eyes from
the sun, though this is not something most Merfolk need to worry about.

**Weapon Preferences** - The wealthy can afford the very best weapons,
of long cutting steel, or heavy broad axes of iron and tend to prefer to
display this in combat. Two-handed swords especially are a favoured tool
of the rich as the sheer amount of steel in a four foot blade is beyond
the financial means of all but the most fortunate. The poorer classes
prefer bronze, wood, bone or stone weapons, using simple flint knives or
heavy maces and clubs of the softer metals. A stone mace caves in a
skull just as well as a steel one and at a fraction of the cost.

## **Roleplay Effects**

  - **Fearless** - Though as prone to the effects of ominous encounters
    and disturbing sights as any other individual, the average Oceanborn
    finds it very hard to take another living thing as a serious threat.
    The ability to almost instantly outpace nearly every other creature
    on the planet tends to create something of a laid-back approach to
    personal danger.
  - **Irreverant** - Merfolk find it hard to take anything particularly
    seriously, and this has a tendency to manifest itself through the
    medium of puns, jokes and the pulling of pranks at the most
    inopportune times. They find the concepts of rank, respect due to
    societal requirements and risk foreign to them and the idea of
    respecting an individual because they are "supposed to" is
    positively and literally laughable.
  - **Shrewd** - The Longshanks might be given to mockery and playful
    humour, but they are still cunning and clever. They are good at
    reading people and especially at picking up on motives and lies,
    something which actually makes them competent merchants and
    diplomats, if they can reduce the impact of their less tasteful
    tendencies.
  - **Wilful** - Trying to force a Wavewalker to do something they do
    not wish to do is pointless. Not only will they refuse and decline
    to come within reach of anyone trying to physically make them
    perform an action, the average Fish will also take great delight in
    mocking everyone around them loudly and at length.

## **Names**

Merfolk tend to prefer names that are invocative of their oceanic
origins or sometimes simply selecting names that they happen to like the
sound of from other cultures. For example:

  -

      -
        Male: *Coho, Dissos, Kaupii, Lion, Lophii, Moray, Nathan, Pike,
        Piranha, Steno, Tursio, Teuthis.*
        Female: *Astacoi, Clupea, Delphi, Electra, Feresa, Inia, Manta,
        Medusa, Mela, Mylio, Nephro, Onco.*

![test3angel.jpg](test3angel.jpg "test3angel.jpg")

## **Nicknames**

  - Oceanborn
  - Scales (insult)
  - Wavewalkers
  - Sprinters
  - Longshanks
  - Liquids
  - For Fuck's Sake Shut Up (insult)
  - Rambler (insult)
  - Fish (insult - Vorn City Slang)

## **Worship**

[Hydros](Hydros_the_Laughing "wikilink") is, by definition, a laid-back
and relaxed Deity. Known as the God of Laughter, His worshippers have
found numerous rewards in fuelling the Mirthful's need for
entertainment. Well-executed and harmless pranks are considered to be in
the best taste and managing to do so without actually getting caught is
even more impressive in the eyes of the Echo. Occasionally also known as
the patron of Knaves, Hydros finds less amusement in theft for monetary
gain then He does for the skill of the act itself, but even so the God
finds Himself worshipped quite avidly by thieves and cat-burglers alike.

Merfolk in particular prefer to worship Hydros through the medium of
song, labouring to create the perfect stanza as their God laboured in
His creation of them. There are a number of popular, if typically
irreverent songs, that are publicly well known, but each Merfolk has
their own preferred selection. The Northern Wind is well known for
answering prayers, especially those given in song, but He is also
unfortunately known for not necessarily giving supplicants exactly what
it is they have asked for. Being both fickle and playful, Hydros quite
often will grant boons that He believes will directly lead to most
interesting viewing on His part, though the Ebb and Flow never goes so
far as to actually harm anyone.

As befits the God of Water, Hydros is also the patron God of the Water
and Ice Sects, though patron might be stretching His interaction with
them a little, especially in regards to the Ice Sect. His followers find
it best, if they are seeking a boon not related to mischief, to try and
call the attention of the Rising Tide near bodies of moving water or
during rainfall. Storms, if possible, should be avoided as they are
typically the realm of Hydros' elder Divine Brother
[Aeros](Aeros_the_Valourous "wikilink") and getting your intended
targets mixed up with prayer is an unwise act, even with a God as
difficult to offend as the Undertow.

## **OOC Note**

Whilst we do encourage Merfolk to be playful, irreverent and mocking, we
also ask that insults and teasing is kept only to IC remarks. Mockery
based on In-character species, wealth, Sect, weapon choice, actions and
decisions are all perfectly acceptable, hence why each Race and Sect
contains a section of in-character nicknames and insults.

Commentary based upon real world characteristics, be they physical,
mental or societal, are not acceptable and will be treated as a breach
of our Code of Conduct.

Be imaginative and be in-character\!