

<div class="center" style="width: auto; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

![<File:Research.jpg>](Research.jpg "File:Research.jpg")

</div>

![ResearchSymbol.jpg](ResearchSymbol.jpg "ResearchSymbol.jpg")

The Air Sect was formed long before the arrival of humanity upon
Tal'Vorn. Rumoured to have been gifted to the [Angels](Angel "wikilink")
by Aeros the Sky Lord Himself, the magic focuses primarily upon
pin-point strikes of devastating power at long range against single
targets. As the Gods of Tal'Vorn were once exceedingly active, and even
today have been known to make personal appearances, the concept that Air
Magic could have been personally gifted to the
[Legions](Angel "wikilink") is not actually that far fetched. The God of
Valour has not been personally active upon the world in several
centuries however and so His creations have evolved and modified the
magic to their own purposes in the years since.

The Sect is naturally capable of calling down devastating hurricanes,
lightning storms and blasts of wind, but such things are considered
pointless displays of might that are beneath the majesty of the Air
Sect. A single strike of overwhelming force and precision is considered
the most acceptable usage of the Storm. An Air Caster can call upon
active weather fronts or simply create their own lightning from scratch,
though the former is considerably more powerful. Because of this the Air
Sect has developed several spells designed to create storm-clouds in
order to increase the damage of their spells in otherwise calm
conditions, though doing so is considered a sign of weakness and
desperation.

Many of the Air Sect are also assigned to military vessels in both the
ocean going and airship fleets, ensuring good weather and fair winds in
the name of safety. Though doing this when commanded by their Sects is
one thing, some Air Casters make a good living doing the same job for
merchant vessels. Such mercenary activities are considered thoroughly
beneath the majority of the Sect however. Though it is officially
frowned upon, the Air Sect have been known to accept contracts for
nothing more or less than actual assassinations, especially by Casters
of the lower Ranks. Though Casters are well paid compared to Mundanes,
assassination generally pays a ridiculous sum of money, especially when
its required to be as obvious as an Air Sect strike. Little is as
effective at making a statement as a political opponent being struck
down by a lightning bolt from a clear blue sky.

## **Representative Within Haven**

Ping

## **Opinion of Other Sects**


**Air** - "Interesting control over electrical forces which does not stray over into magnetism, but does also incluse isolation of areas of low and high air pressure in order to induce wind movement."  
  
**Dark** - "Seems to be able to accelerate some forms of decay in order to rot and destroy, as well as cause severe inflammation of the nervous system causing an excess of pain. All together it does not donate very much to a learning environment."

**Earth** - "The creation of localised tectonic forces is fascintating, if widely already studied. The psychology of of as to why they are so determined to keep the Order out of Karamaterra, on the other hand, is woefully under explained."

**Fire** - "Rapid increase in local temperatures causing a variety of combustion effects, all of them concluding in the same general result."

**Guardian** - "The ability of the Teachers to learn ow-level magics from other Sects is a high fascinating skill and one that begs to be examined at the most precise level."

**Healer** - ""

**Ice** - "Effectively the opposite effect of them Smokebelchers. Rapid decrease in ambient temperatures resulting in tissue damage and creation of hardened ice effects."

**Knave** - "Boring."

**Life** - "The limitations of regenerative ability and those of heightened senses are always fascinating subjects. Of course so is the ability to control localised plant-life with apparent skill and refinement!"

**Psychic** - "Sharing of data would be vastly more effecient and yet the Mindbuzzers insist upon hoarding it instead. Shows a paranoid, short-sighted mindset in our opinion."

**The Order** - "Pain is well understood but the inflammation of the nerves seems worryingly similar to Dark Sect magics and the domination abllity is certainly a security concern. Need to develop methods of detecting it to prevent our laboratories from being infiltrated."

**Universe** - "The ability to forsee multiple futures and isolate one for themselves or the victims of their luck bending magics without altering the flow of the future for anyone else? Monstrously powerful!"

**Warrior** - "Our opinion of the Warrior Sect is the only point at which we agree with our colleagues in the Noble. Useless."

**Water** - "Localised tidal waves, blasts of water, creation of quagmire or swamp, low level physical restoration, shields of liquid to protect from attacks . . . The list goes on and yet people accuse the Surfers of being underpowered?"

## **Sect Physrep**

**Colour**; **Primary Physrep.** - Dark grey.

**Symbol** - The Open Book

**Tattoo** - The symbol of the Researc Sect is placed upon the *Stomach*

**Clothing** - Utility and cleanliness are the primary concerns of the Scientists. Their clothing often incorporates a variety of pockets, belts and pouches for easy storage of devices and components, as well as being formed of reasonably resistant material in case of splashes or spills. Their robes, for a similar reason, are usually easy to don or remove, avoiding any complicated bucklets or buttons as when your clothing is on fire or melting, removing the item is more important than looking good whilst doing so.

**Weapon Preferences** - Generally speaking the Research Sect do not favour weapons, though some carry staves for self-defence or for poking potentially dangerous items at a distance. If they are forced to travel into dangerous locations however, then they do have on advantage over their fellow Sect members; gunpowder. The Research Sect are the foremeost creators of a variety of esoteric and strange gunpowder and Mani firearms and make use of these in dire need to unleash utter chaos on the battlefield.

**Roleplaying Effects** - Air Sect casters, especially Angels, are
taught that they are magically and morally superior to most of the other
Sects and are known to act it. They dislike getting involved in close
combat, preferring to hang back from the lines and make use of the full
range of their powerful spells. They get on well with members of the
Order, Fire and Universe spells, with distinct rivalries with the Ice,
Guardian, Warrior and especially Earth Sect. They enjoy displaying their
power and superiority and often dress to impress, using the bright
yellow of lightning throughout their clothing and accessories.

## **Titles**

Air Sect titles most often make reference to the more aggressive aspects
of their magic, focusing upon storms, lightning, thunder and so forth,
though some prefer less ominous methods of referring to themselves.

  -

      -
        Example Titles; AngelsChild, BlackWing, LightningCaller,
        NorthWind, StormBreaker

## **Nicknames**

  - Scientists
  - Experimenters
  - The Grey
  - Madmen (insult)
  - Wafflers (insult)
  - Lilar Marked
  - Tinkerer (Vorn City Slang)

## **Patron Deity**

Although a rational mind might be disinclined towards worship of the
Gods, this changes when said deities might turn up at your workstation
to take a personal interest in your latest project. The Research Sect 
politely pay homage to both Lilar and Terra as the Goddess of Technology
and God of Smithing respectively, depending upon the individuals preferred
area of research. Those focusing heavily on the biosciences 
  
Being primarily composed of Angels and using a magic created by that
self-same Race, the Air Sect has a definite leaning towards the worship
of Aeros, the Sky Lord. The Stormcallers focus less upon Aeros' aspect
as the God of Valour and more upon His dominion over Flight and Air
itself, invoking His name when attempting complex rituals, embarking
upon dangerous sea voyages, before a potentially lethal mission or
simply as part of daily life.
