__NOTITLE__

<div class="center" style="width: auto; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

![<File:TVBanner.jpg>](TVBanner.jpg "File:TVBanner.jpg")

</div>

Welcome to the Tal’Vorn Live Action Roleplaying Game, also known as
Tal’Vorn Live for short. Live Action Roleplaying, or LRP/LARP for
short is a shared experience game where the Players portray a Character
within a high fantasy world utilising the rules presented here to cast
spells, fight monsters and become heroes. It is a mixture of stage
combat and acting which offers an experience unlike any other.

Tal’Vorn Live is designed for the Players to work together towards the
goals involved at each event. However, not every Character will get on
even if the Players portraying them do. As such whilst one player
attacking another player is technically permitted, we strongly encourage
you to work together. The World is a dangerous place and this, combined
with the In-Character (IC) laws regarding assault and murder, make the
lives of everyone involved much simpler with a bit of co-operation.

At each event the Players are presented with a variety of difficulties
and tasks that need resolving and they make the choices as to which to
pursue and in which order. Non-Player Characters, known as NPC’s, are
portrayed by the events Crew and come in a variety of guises from
monsters to kill or drive away to the town’s friendly merchant or
authoritarian Order Secter. It is through interaction with these NPC’s
that the quests and missions are resolved with success or failure riding
on the actions of the Players.

## **Aim of the Game**

Tal'Vorn Live is a high-fantasy, high-magic, high-combat linear based
PvE system. It will involve horrifying monsters, moral choices, harsh
combat, lethal enemies and potential PvP conflict. The player base may
find that they have conflicting orders and requirements from their
superiors and have to come to terms with that, as failure to fulfill
their orders can lead to difficulty in becoming more powerful. As the
game goes on, the foes will become more dangerous and lethal until their
is a resolution, at which point the threat level will lower again, ready
for the next great enemy to make itself known.

The player base for Tal'Vorn Live represent, initially, low ranking
members of the militaristic Sects that dominate the planet. Massively
powerful military and magical organisations, the Sects dominate the
allied Races and are the primary source of defence against the monsters,
vile creatures and hateful Races that occupy much of the planet. The
lowest Rank in each of these Sects is the Acolyte and as part of their
final exam, these Acolytes are obligated to take part in a field trial
of their strength and to ascertain their final suitability. Generally
speaking the only requirement to pass this final test is to survive the
time frame, normally a handful of days in hostile territory.

Haven, the town that forms the base that the players will spend a lot of
their time at, is an ideal location for these field trails. It is
located deep within an area known as the Shadow Woods, is surrounded
with hostile creatures that need dealing with and is a reasonably simple
place to defend. Higher ranking Sect members will occasionally visit
Haven to ensure that the aims of the various Sects are being met, but
there will also be individuals on site to ensure compliance and, should
all the Acolytes fall, make sure that the Jump Gate, that forms the
swiftest method of travel between towns, does not fall into enemy hands.
It is only if the Jump Gate is in immediate danger that these Sect
Members will directly join combat and give orders to the surrounding
player base, but deliberately allowing the Jump Gate to come under risk
is a crime of substantial magnitude.

As time goes on, the player base is likely to find that subjugating the
immediate area and ensuring its safety will become high on their list of
priorities as allowing threats to flourish unthreatened will result in
the lethality of the area spiking rapidly. Often, however, the player
base will not have the time or the resources to pursue multiple
potential threats and will have to live with the consequences of their
choices. The higher ranking Sect Members will at no time make any
decisions for the player base, as they are simply there to observe and
make note of which individuals are showing exemplary skill. Indeed you
will need to provide these Sect Members with good reason why they should
intervene on your behalf in even the simplest of ways, beyond providing
information and advice on the types of creatures you may face.

Ultimately the choice of what to do, where to go, what foes to face and
what decisions to make will fall solely on the shoulders of the player
base, along with any and all consequences of those choices.

## **Linears**

At its core, Tal'Vorn is a high fantasy, high combat, high magic system
designed to maximise the rush and thrill a player gets in combat. There
will be many non-combat encounters, but the Linear is the core of the
gameplay. A 'Linear', for those of you who do not know, is a
self-contained adventure consisting of a series of encounters that leads
to a final confrontation with a 'boss monster' or 'a treasure' as the
final encounter. Many of the quests and adventures that players will
partake in whilst at Tal'Vorn will broadly of this format.

There is no reason to feel obligated to go on every Linear however, and
indeed some of them will eventually be either too dangerous for new
players or have a limited number of available player slots due to the
nature of the journey. Players staying in camp will still have the major
NPC's to interact with and to be frank even the encampment is not a safe
place and is likely to be attacked at any time. We will always do our
absolute best to ensure that every player has something to keep
themselves entertained for the duration of the event.

## **Game Format**

At a typical game, a players ticket includes time spent crewing. There
are tickets, known as 'Play Only', but these will not be available at
the first event and do cost an additional surcharge. More information on
the differing types of ticket can be found on the
[Booking](Booking "wikilink") page, along with details of who to contact
should you be interested in crewing for the entirety of an event.

Broadly speaking the game is split into 6 'Time Slots' during which
linears will take place. Between these time slots, players have an
opportunity to heal, rest, eat, interact with the NPC's, gather
information, worship the various Gods and generally recover from the
hazards of their adventures. Once we have final booking numbers, we will
randomly divide the player base into three groups solely for purposes of
'player crewing'. When it is your turn to play, a piece of information
that will be available by speaking to any of the NPC's or checking the
notes available around camp, we ask that you head up to the Monster Hut
in basic kit.

Basic Kit, for those of you unaware, consists of an IC shirt, preferably
of a dark colour, and your usual trousers and boots. Any weapons you
have and are willing to bring along to use as a monster would be
extremely helpful as we currently have a very limited stock of kit to
loan out. Hopefully this fact will change in the future as we go
forwards.

If you crew an evening slot, then you will not be required to crew the
-other- evening slot. If you have reasons for needing to be with another
specific player, be it IC or OC, then if you let us know then we will do
our best to oblige these requests. These Time Slots are listed below for
your edification;

  - Friday Night - *8.30pm - 11/11.30 pm*
  - Saturday Morning - *10.30am - 1.30pm*
  - Saturday Afternoon - *3pm - 6pm*
  - Saturday Night - *8pm - 11/11.30pm*
  - Sunday Morning - *10am - 12pm*
  - Sunday Afternoon - *1pm - 3pm*

## **Monstering**

Once you have come up the Monster Hut, we will start to get you into kit
for the roles we require for the Time Slot. Often this will mean face
paint, clothing, prosthetics and so forth. If you have any allergies to
latex or facepaint, please let us know when you book. We will also
provide you with a laminated card with all of your current monsters
stats on. These will be much simplified from your Player Cards as they
will simply list the number of hits, immunities and any special calls.

Once we are prepared, we will most likely have to wait a short time for
the player base to get ready before we head out to 'seed the linear'. In
the case of a camp attack, this simply means going out with your
assigned ref and following their instructions. For a more involved
linear, it may mean waiting at a specific point to ambush the players
whilst the rest of the crew move further along the path to prepare
further 'surprises'. In these instances we will always leave a member of
permanent crew with each group to ensure that the aims of the linear are
fulfilled. Please listen to the crew member as they will have a much
more detailed understanding of what is happening than yourselves.

Naturally we aim for monstering to be as fun as possible and we
encourage players to throw themselves into it with gusto. After all, if
you are enthusiastic about being a gribbly creature, then those on the
linear will respond to this with their own enthusiasm, leading to a much
more enjoyable time for all.